slides/slides.md, before:

<!-- .slide: data-background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
# Faith that <br/> Stands the Test
## James 1:2-12

---
<!-- .slide: class="Q" data-background="white" -->
# Will my **faith** stand the **test**?

---
## James 1:2-4 (NIV) (p.1/5)
2 Consider it **pure joy**, my brothers and sisters, <br/>
whenever you face **trials** of many kinds, <br/>
because you know that the <br/>
**testing** of your faith produces **perseverance**.

Let perseverance **finish** its work <br/>
so that you may be **mature** and **complete**, <br/>
not **lacking** anything.

---
## James 1:5-6 (NIV) (p.2/5)
5 If any of you lacks **wisdom**, <br/>
you should **ask God**, who gives **generously** <br/>
to all without finding fault, <br/>
and it will be **given** to you.

But when you ask, <br/>
you must **believe** and not doubt,

---
## James 1:6-8 (NIV) (p.3/5)
because the one who **doubts** <br/>
is like a **wave** of the sea, <br/>
**blown** and **tossed** by the wind.

7 That person should not expect <br/>
to receive anything from the Lord. <br/>
Such a person is **double-minded** <br/>
and **unstable** in all they do.

---
## James 1:9-10 (NIV) (p.4/5)
9 Believers in **humble** circumstances <br/>
ought to take **pride** in their **high** position.

But the **rich** should take pride <br/>
in their **humiliation** —  <br/>
since they will pass away like a **wild flower**.

For the sun rises with **scorching heat** <br/>
and **withers** the plant; <br/>
its **blossom** falls and its **beauty** is destroyed.

---
## James 1:11-12 (NIV) (p.5/5)
11 In the same way, the rich will **fade away** <br/>
even while they go about their **business**.

12 Blessed is the one who **perseveres under trial** <br/>
because, having stood the test,

that person will receive the **crown of life** <br/>
that the Lord has **promised** <br/>
to those who **love him**.

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
## Faith that Stands the Test
1. **Joy** in Trials <span class="hl2">(v2-4)</span>
2. **Wisdom** Given Generously <span class="hl2">(v5-8)</span>
3. **Boast** in Our Weakness <span class="hl2">(v9-12)</span>

---
Consider it **pure joy**, my brothers and sisters, <br/>
whenever you face **trials** of many kinds, <br/>
because you know that the <br/>
**testing** of your faith produces **perseverance**.

---
Let perseverance **finish** its work <br/>
so that you may be **mature** and **complete**, <br/>
not **lacking** anything.

---
<!-- .slide: class="Q" data-background="white" -->
# Q1

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
## Faith that Stands the Test
1. Joy in Trials <span class="hl2">(v2-4)</span>
2. **Wisdom Given Generously** <span class="hl2">(v5-8)</span>
3. Boast in Our Weakness <span class="hl2">(v9-12)</span>

---
5 If any of you lacks **wisdom**, <br/>
you should **ask God**, who gives **generously** <br/>
to all without **finding fault**

---
the one who **doubts** <br/>
is like a **wave** of the sea, <br/>
**blown** and **tossed** by the wind.

... Such a person is **double-minded** <br/>
and **unstable** in all they do.

---
<!-- .slide: class="Q" data-background="white" -->
# Q2

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
## Faith that Stands the Test
1. Joy in Trials <span class="hl2">(v2-4)</span>
2. Wisdom Given Generously <span class="hl2">(v5-8)</span>
3. **Boast in Our Weakness** <span class="hl2">(v9-12)</span>

---
Believers in **humble** circumstances <br/>
ought to take **pride** in their **high** position.

But the **rich** should take pride <br/>
in their **humiliation**

---
Blessed is the one who **perseveres under trial** <br/>
because, having stood the test,

that person will receive the **crown of life** <br/>
that the Lord has **promised** <br/>
to those who **love him**.

---
<!-- .slide: class="Q" data-background="white" -->
# Q3

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
## Faith that Stands the Test
1. **Joy** in Trials <span class="hl2">(v2-4)</span>
2. **Wisdom** Given Generously <span class="hl2">(v5-8)</span>
3. **Boast** in Our Weakness <span class="hl2">(v9-12)</span>

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" class="empty" -->

Commit message:

Title/passage for next in series

slides/slides.md, after:

<!-- .slide: data-background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
# Faith that <br/> Stands the Test
## James 1:2-12

---
<!-- .slide: class="Q" data-background="white" -->
# Will my **faith** stand the **test**?

---
## James 1:2-4 (NIV) (p.1/5)
2 Consider it **pure joy**, my brothers and sisters, <br/>
whenever you face **trials** of many kinds, <br/>
because you know that the <br/>
**testing** of your faith produces **perseverance**.

Let perseverance **finish** its work <br/>
so that you may be **mature** and **complete**, <br/>
not **lacking** anything.

---
## James 1:5-6 (NIV) (p.2/5)
5 If any of you lacks **wisdom**, <br/>
you should **ask God**, who gives **generously** <br/>
to all without finding fault, <br/>
and it will be **given** to you.

But when you ask, <br/>
you must **believe** and not doubt,

---
## James 1:6-8 (NIV) (p.3/5)
because the one who **doubts** <br/>
is like a **wave** of the sea, <br/>
**blown** and **tossed** by the wind.

7 That person should not expect <br/>
to receive anything from the Lord. <br/>
Such a person is **double-minded** <br/>
and **unstable** in all they do.

---
## James 1:9-10 (NIV) (p.4/5)
9 Believers in **humble** circumstances <br/>
ought to take **pride** in their **high** position.

But the **rich** should take pride <br/>
in their **humiliation** —  <br/>
since they will pass away like a **wild flower**.

For the sun rises with **scorching heat** <br/>
and **withers** the plant; <br/>
its **blossom** falls and its **beauty** is destroyed.

---
## James 1:11-12 (NIV) (p.5/5)
11 In the same way, the rich will **fade away** <br/>
even while they go about their **business**.

12 Blessed is the one who **perseveres under trial** <br/>
because, having stood the test,

that person will receive the **crown of life** <br/>
that the Lord has **promised** <br/>
to those who **love him**.

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
## Faith that Stands the Test
1. **Joy** in Trials <span class="hl2">(v2-4)</span>
2. **Wisdom** Given Generously <span class="hl2">(v5-8)</span>
3. **Boast** in Our Weakness <span class="hl2">(v9-12)</span>

---
Consider it **pure joy**, my brothers and sisters, <br/>
whenever you face **trials** of many kinds, <br/>
because you know that the <br/>
**testing** of your faith produces **perseverance**.

---
Let perseverance **finish** its work <br/>
so that you may be **mature** and **complete**, <br/>
not **lacking** anything.

---
<!-- .slide: class="Q" data-background="white" -->
# Q1

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
## Faith that Stands the Test
1. Joy in Trials <span class="hl2">(v2-4)</span>
2. **Wisdom Given Generously** <span class="hl2">(v5-8)</span>
3. Boast in Our Weakness <span class="hl2">(v9-12)</span>

---
5 If any of you lacks **wisdom**, <br/>
you should **ask God**, who gives **generously** <br/>
to all without **finding fault**

---
the one who **doubts** <br/>
is like a **wave** of the sea, <br/>
**blown** and **tossed** by the wind.

... Such a person is **double-minded** <br/>
and **unstable** in all they do.

---
<!-- .slide: class="Q" data-background="white" -->
# Q2

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
## Faith that Stands the Test
1. Joy in Trials <span class="hl2">(v2-4)</span>
2. Wisdom Given Generously <span class="hl2">(v5-8)</span>
3. **Boast in Our Weakness** <span class="hl2">(v9-12)</span>

---
Believers in **humble** circumstances <br/>
ought to take **pride** in their **high** position.

But the **rich** should take pride <br/>
in their **humiliation**

---
Blessed is the one who **perseveres under trial** <br/>
because, having stood the test,

that person will receive the **crown of life** <br/>
that the Lord has **promised** <br/>
to those who **love him**.

---
<!-- .slide: class="Q" data-background="white" -->
# Q3

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
## Faith that Stands the Test
1. **Joy** in Trials <span class="hl2">(v2-4)</span>
2. **Wisdom** Given Generously <span class="hl2">(v5-8)</span>
3. **Boast** in Our Weakness <span class="hl2">(v9-12)</span>

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" -->
## Book of James: Keep The Faith
Next time: **Faith that Demands a Change of Heart**
<span class="hl2">(1:19-25)</span>

---
<!-- .slide: background-image="http://sermons.seanho.com/img/bg/unsplash-JdY-P44WBpY-stormclouds.jpg" class="empty" -->
